feat: Add MCP (Model Context Protocol) support for Feast feature server (#5406)
feast-dev/feast: examples/mcp_feature_store/README.md

>  # Feast MCP Feature Server Example

Author: @franciscojavierarceo done can u check it

 # Feast MCP Feature Server Example

> This example demonstrates how to enable MCP (Model Context Protocol) support in Feast, allowing AI agents and applications to interact with your feature store through standardized MCP interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to enable MCP (Model Context Protocol) support in Feast, allowing AI agents and applications to interact with your features through standardized MCP interfaces.
```
